2a) With the IPv4 address space exhaused, the main consequence is that no new 
domains can be added to the internet with an IPv4 address without removing and 
existing one. There are two main solutions to this Network Address Trasnalsion 
(NAT) and switching to IPv6.
    NAT has the advantage of intergrating into IPv4 aritechture. It works by 
asigning each customer an IPv4 address. This is used by the router to represent
the network on the internet. On the customers network, each device is assigned
it's own address for intra-network communication. The routers address is 
written on outgoing packet headers. The disadvantage of this meathod is the 
many services break using this method, such as client server models. It also 
avoids customers having to buy several IPv4 addresses from thier ISPs.
    IPv6 on the other hand solves the problem by using a much larger range of 
numbers. This would allow every device to have it's address for the forseeable
future, although as it is limited by a finite amount of address this could 
still be a problem in the future. The main issue is that in order to change 
over to IPv6 fully, all ISPs and customers must upgrade to it, changing both 
software as well as the addresses of all connected devices. Whilst this 
switchover is in progress. it is likely to take a long ammount of time, making 
it unlikely to happen in the shart term.
    Overall IPv6 is the most likely to be the long term solution, however this
will take some time, and will eventually need repleced by another protocol with
a larger address space. In the mean time, whilst NAT has many issues, it is the
only method that can be implemented in the short term.
b) The purpose of these are to increase the IPv4 address space by allowing one 
address to be shared by multiple devices. The reasons these are used is:
    - Allows more devices to connect to the internet with an IPv4 adderess, 
      rather than having to implement IPv6.
    - Avoids customers having to buy several addresses
    - Avoids having to renumber a network when chaning ISPs
    - Can be configured to reslove most issues the would be caused by it.
c) TCP should has a recomended timeout period of 2 hours, UDP have a much 
shorter timeout of something more like 15 seconds. The reson for this is that 
TCP is connection-oriented, unlike UDP, meaning that there is a way of 
detecting the end of the flow.
